# Deep Rock Galactic
 There is a bunch of badass space dwarves that are working in teams as they dig, explore, and fight their way to massive cave system filled with hordes of deadly enemies and valuable resources.
This paper discusses how Go lang and its technologies can be employed in the game to perform various actions. The paper provides a detailed explanation of different technologies using a made-up story variant of the game.
When the player starts the game for the first time, they are a new player to the game and must give a name, specify the dwarf class, and choose the looks for the dwarf. All this data is created and stored as a JSON Object. There are around 38 resources in the game, and it is challenging to manage these resources. Therefore, all the resources are stored in the Redis database as key-value pairs, as this is fast at processing.
In the game, there are boss fights, and to access these doors, players must complete challenging puzzles to get the code to the room. The puzzle is set in Dwarven language, which allows the use of different Dwarven characters to translate it into human-readable language. The method used here employs custom characters to convert these into English characters. As the player explores the cave and looks for gold, the information and data should be uploaded to the server while fighting monsters and protecting the servers. According to the technology, this scenario uses server and client, where the player character is the client. This also does the data integrity check after its been uploaded to the server
Teammates go separate ways to find different minerals, and when they are in trouble, they use the system integrated with RabbitMQ to send and receive messages to each other. Players can upgrade weapons by completing a set of small tasks to achieve the main goal. For example, collecting resources like 100 Alien eggs, 1200 oil, and 500 ebonuts is used for creating an attachment for the weapon, and 200 dystrum, 1000 magnite, and 200 alien fossils for another weapon attachment. Using these two attachments, players can build machine guns with faster fire rates, extended ammo, and stability, which helps them slice through enemies like butter. In this case, threading is used so that upgrades can only be done after completing the mini tasks.
There are old turrets mounted in a few locations that boost the dwarves in killing enemies at a faster pace, but to access these turrets, the player must bypass security, which uses the concept of Cipher. While digging in the caves, there is a 10% chance that the player could find a portal gun that could be used to create two portal doors connected by a key exchange between the portals. While exploring the caves, players might come across old pipelines connected to the oil machineries, which can be mined by connecting pipes and transferring the oil to a mining car. Here, it uses the concept of taxonomy to arrange the pipes, and metadata is used as a blueprint while placing the pipe.
